Improve copywriting for top level elements (#298)
openfisca/openfisca-doc: source/contribute/guidelines.md

# Contributor guidelines

> OpenFisca follows the [GitHub Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenFisca codebases are developed following the [GitHub Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/).
```

- If you modify/create/delete a simulation variable, please follow the [commit message rules](commit-messages.md).
- When adding new variables, please consider the [naming guidelines](variables-naming.md).
- Your code should be tested, if feasible:
  + bug fixes should include regression tests
  + new behaviour should at least get minimal exercise
- Use atomic commits, in particular try to isolate "code-cleanup" commits

### Opening a Pull Request

- All code contributions are submitted via a Pull Request towards `main`. The `main` branches are thus [protected](https://help.github.com/articles/about-protected-branches/).
- Opening a Pull Request means you want that code to be merged. If you want to only discuss it, send a link to your branch along with your questions through whichever communication channel you prefer.

> - If the Pull Request depends on another opened Pull Request on another repository (like OpenFisca-Core/OpenFisca-France), the requirements should be updated in the dependent project via its `pyproject.toml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the Pull Request depends on another opened Pull Request on another repository (like Core or some country model), the requirements should be updated in the dependent project via its `pyproject.toml` (or `setup.py` for older codebases).
```

- If you modify/create/delete a simulation variable, please follow the [commit message rules](commit-messages.md).
- When adding new variables, please consider the [naming guidelines](variables-naming.md).
- Your code should be tested, if feasible:
  + bug fixes should include regression tests
  + new behaviour should at least get minimal exercise
- Use atomic commits, in particular try to isolate "code-cleanup" commits

### Opening a Pull Request

> > Note: It is the intention to generally rename `master` branches across OpenFisca to `main` in accordance with industry practice. 

Reviewer: 👍

#### Peer reviews

Pull requests should generally be **reviewed** by someone other than their authors.

This is mandatory for:

- Any Pull Request with **breaking changes** on `openfisca-france`, `openfisca-web-api`.
- Any Pull Request bringing **new features**, if these features are not relative to a specific scope.
  + Adding a new route to the API **requires** a review.

>   + A review is not yet mandatory to add a new formula to social contributions in `openfisca-france`. It is though recommended.

Reviewer: This is all outdated and will need a more thorough update, but let's either drop this part or not update it.
```suggestion
```
